README.md, before:

[![GoDoc](http://img.shields.io/badge/godoc-reference-blue.svg)](http://godoc.org/github.com/rpip/paystack-go) [![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/rpip/paystack-go.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/rpip/paystack-go)

# Go library for the Paystack API.

paystack-go is a Go client library for accessing the Paystack API.

Where possible, the services available on the client groups the API into logical chunks and correspond to the structure of the Paystack API documentation at https://developers.paystack.co/v1.0/reference.

## NOTE

I haven't personally used this library since early 2018. I no longer actively maintain this project. My apologies to those of you who have come to rely on this library. If you are interested in becoming the new maintainer, send me an email and we can discuss yao [at] adzaku [dot] com. 

## Usage

``` go
import "github.com/rpip/paystack-go"

apiKey := "sk_test_b748a89ad84f35c2f1a8b81681f956274de048bb"

// second param is an optional http client, allowing overriding of the HTTP client to use.
// This is useful if you're running in a Google AppEngine environment
// where the http.DefaultClient is not available.
client := paystack.NewClient(apiKey)

recipient := &TransferRecipient{
    Type:          "Nuban",
    Name:          "Customer 1",
    Description:   "Demo customer",
    AccountNumber: "0100000010",
    BankCode:      "044",
    Currency:      "NGN",
    Metadata:      map[string]interface{}{"job": "Plumber"},
}

recipient1, err := client.Transfer.CreateRecipient(recipient)

req := &TransferRequest{
    Source:    "balance",
    Reason:    "Delivery pickup",
    Amount:    30,
    Recipient: recipient1.RecipientCode,
}

transfer, err := client.Transfer.Initiate(req)
if err != nil {
    // do something with error
}

// retrieve list of plans
plans, err := client.Plan.List()

for i, plan := range plans.Values {
  fmt.Printf("%+v", plan)
}

cust := &Customer{
    FirstName: "User123",
    LastName:  "AdminUser",
    Email:     "user123@gmail.com",
    Phone:     "+23400000000000000",
}
// create the customer
customer, err := client.Customer.Create(cust)
if err != nil {
    // do something with error
}

// Get customer by ID
customer, err := client.Customers.Get(customer.ID)
```

See the test files for more examples.

## Docker

Test this library in a docker container:

```bash
$ make docker && docker run -i -t paystack:latest
```

To use a different API key, update the API key in runtests.sh file.

## TODO
- [ ] Maybe support request context?
- [ ] Test on App Engine

## CONTRIBUTING
Contributions are of course always welcome. The calling pattern is pretty well established, so adding new methods is relatively straightforward. Please make sure the build succeeds and the test suite passes.

Commit message:

Migrate from glide to go modules

README.md, after:

# Paystack client for Golang

[![GoDoc](http://img.shields.io/badge/godoc-reference-blue.svg)](http://godoc.org/github.com/snapay-labs/go-paystack)

> This library would not be possible without the awesome work on [paystack-go](https://github.com/snapay/rn-paystack) by Yao Adzaku

paystack-go is a Go client library for accessing the Paystack API.

## Installation

Getting up and running using go-paystack is simple, see for yourself.

go-paystack uses go modules so make sure you have a mod file in your project or generate one using 

```bash
go mod init github.com/my/repo
```

And then install go-paystack

```bash
go get github.com/snapay-labs/go-paystack
```

## Quickstart

``` go
import "github.com/snapay-labs/go-paystack"

apiKey := "sk_test_b748a89ad84f35c2f1a8b81681f956274de048bb"

// second param is an optional http client, allowing overriding of the HTTP client to use.
// This is useful if you're running in a Google AppEngine environment
// where the http.DefaultClient is not available.
client := paystack.NewClient(apiKey)

recipient := &TransferRecipient{
    Type:          "Nuban",
    Name:          "Customer 1",
    Description:   "Demo customer",
    AccountNumber: "0100000010",
    BankCode:      "044",
    Currency:      "NGN",
    Metadata:      map[string]interface{}{"job": "Plumber"},
}

recipient1, err := client.Transfer.CreateRecipient(recipient)

req := &TransferRequest{
    Source:    "balance",
    Reason:    "Delivery pickup",
    Amount:    30,
    Recipient: recipient1.RecipientCode,
}

transfer, err := client.Transfer.Initiate(req)
if err != nil {
    // do something with error
}

// retrieve list of plans
plans, err := client.Plan.List()

for i, plan := range plans.Values {
  fmt.Printf("%+v", plan)
}

cust := &Customer{
    FirstName: "User123",
    LastName:  "AdminUser",
    Email:     "user123@gmail.com",
    Phone:     "+23400000000000000",
}
// create the customer
customer, err := client.Customer.Create(cust)
if err != nil {
    // do something with error
}

// Get customer by ID
customer, err := client.Customers.Get(customer.ID)
```

See the test files for more examples.

<br>

Made wth ❤️ by [Snapay](http://www.snapay.ng)
